README.md, before:

# FNAF Project
<i>Developed by: Darryl Reekers (Zephrax)</i>
<h4>This project is currently supported for Unity version 2021.3.30f1 (LTS)</h3>

Spare time project to recreate the classic Five Night's at Freddy's experience in Unity.
Currently, I'm rewriting my 4 year old code, to turn it into a more modular reusable format.
My first goal is to create a faithful recreation of the original FNAF gameplay, after which I'll rework and add new mechanics to add my own flair and ideas to create something original.
I cannot give an estimate when this project will be completed, this is all done in my spare time whenever I feel like working on it.

<h4>Status: </h4>

> **⚠ IMPORTANT: Things will break in the coming updates**   
> Gameplay code is currently being rewritten, this may break certain functionality or cause unwanted side effects.   
> Testing is being performed to minimize these effects, but older code might still persist and be incompatible with reworked systems.

<h4>Roadmap*:</h4>

- [X] Fix main gameplay issues and bugs
- [X] Redo user interfaces with proper scaling
- [X] Create a launcher to distribute updates to testers
- [X] Rewrite gameplay scripts from scratch 
- [X] Use new data architecture to dynamically populate levels 
- [ ] Improve AI with modular behavior (In-Progress)
- [ ] Add attack/death animations
- [ ] Legacy code cleanup
- [ ] Create new gameplay mechanics
- [ ] Create new original map
- [ ] Create all new original assets (audio, models, sprites, textures)
- [ ] Remove all placeholder assets
- [ ] Pre-release code cleanup
- [ ] Release (v1.0)

<h4>Dependencies:</h4>
<ul>
 <li><a href="https://github.com/starikcetin/Eflatun.SceneReference/">Eflatun.SceneReference by starikcetin</li>
</ul>

*Not definitive, subject to change

Commit message:

Update README with new Roadmap goals

README.md, after:

# FNAF Project
<i>Developed by: Darryl Reekers (Zephrax)</i>
<h4>This project is currently supported for Unity version 2021.3.30f1 (LTS)</h3>

Spare time project to recreate the classic Five Night's at Freddy's experience in Unity.
Currently, I'm rewriting my 4 year-ish old code, to turn it into a more modular reusable format. As of now it's open-source, if you end up using any of my code please give proper credit.
Depending on the direction this project will take, I might leave this as a framework for others to use as inspiration or to build their own projects from as a starting point.

My first goal is to create a faithful recreation of the original FNAF gameplay, after which I'll rework and add new mechanics to add my own flair and ideas to create something original.
The first part is already progressing well, there is still mainly work to be done on AI interaction with the player. After which I'll polish and refactor code.
I cannot give an estimate when this project will be completed, this is all done in my spare time whenever I feel like working on it.

<h4>Status: </h4>

> **⚠ IMPORTANT: Things will break in the coming updates**   
> Gameplay code is currently being rewritten, this may break certain functionality or cause unwanted side effects.   
> Testing is being performed to minimize these effects, but older code might still persist and be incompatible with reworked systems.

<h4>Roadmap*:</h4>

- [X] Fix main gameplay issues and bugs
- [X] Redo user interfaces with proper scaling
- [X] Create a launcher to distribute updates to testers
- [X] Rewrite gameplay scripts from scratch 
- [X] Use new data architecture to dynamically populate levels 
- [X] Improve AI with modular behavior (Basic)
       - Virtual methods and overrides
- [X] Improved Security Camera behaviour
- [ ] Add attack/death animations (Jumpscares)
- [ ] Look into improving waypoints with less manual flowWeight setup (Automated Pathfinding)
- [ ] Look into modular scripts for AI behavior (Configurable AI through Inspector)
- [ ] Physical Door and Light buttons, and more general physical in-world interactions (Less UI)
- [ ] Unity InputSystem integration
- [ ] Add keybind change support in Settings Menu
- [ ] Implement audio balancing (so audio settings will actually be used)
- [ ] Legacy code cleanup
- [ ] Polish & refactor code
- [ ] Decide direction for project
- [ ] Developing Story and Worldbuilding
- [ ] Create new gameplay mechanics
- [ ] Create new original map
- [ ] Create all new original assets (audio, models, sprites, textures)
- [ ] Remove all placeholder assets
- [ ] Pre-release code cleanup
- [ ] Release (v1.0)
- [ ] Virtual Reality Update
       - OpenXR implementation (Will be added to GitHub)

*Not definitive, subject to change

<h4>Dependencies:</h4>
<ul>
 <li><a href="https://github.com/starikcetin/Eflatun.SceneReference/">Eflatun.SceneReference by starikcetin</li>
</ul>

<h4>Credits:</h4>
<ul>
 <li>My friends for testing the game and providing valueable bug reports and feedback</li>
 <li>Scott Cawthon, the original creator of FNAF</li>
</ul>
